For sure, Maltese people are a friendly people.
It's in our tradition to be like that, but the Christian love,
that Jehovah wants us to grow inside, that will triple the effect.
In October 2015, the time finally arrived for the 650 publishers on the island of Malta,
to host over 1,500 delegates for the imitate Jesus special convention.
This would allow for a unique and unprecedented shout of praise to Jehovah.
Well, the work in Malta was for a long time, rather restricted,
and there was a lot of opposition.
Now, with this special convention, the brothers make an impact on the people here.
Some of them were not aware that we are a worldwide brotherhood.
Maltese are very impressed with numbers.
So now, when they see all these numbers and all this activity,
they're going to change their whole mind about us,
and it's going to open their hearts and minds to our message.
As well as making a positive impact in the field,
the delegates got to visit the nearby Isle of Gozo
and have an interchange of encouragement with one of the territory's most isolated congregations.
We are looking forward to this for over a year now,
and to have the reality, you see the brothers here.
You can talk to them, you can hug them.
You see the love, the sincerity,
and that's what makes the difference.
Hospitality was shown by Mies of the evening entertainment program,
which not only shared the local culture,
but glorified Jehovah and the many treasures found in his word.
Children loved every bit of this thing.
They even said, what are we going to do when this finishes?
We loved being with Jehovah's children.
It's so different than being with the children in school.
In the convention, by means of the convention,
I have felt closer to Jehovah,
and I felt that I had Jehovah's spirit.
I'm a plant, yes.
I also met many other children from different congregations,
and I really enjoyed that.
The brotherly love continued,
as other tours were hosted all across the beautiful island,
allowing the visitors to see Malta,
and the multi-speople to see the visitors.
After we made it to safety,
we learned that the island was called Malta,
and the foreign-speaking people showed us extraordinary kindness.
They killed the fire and received all of us kindly.
We extend the warm welcome to all those present.
We would like to give a special welcome
to the 1550 delegates coming from Australia,
Portugal, Spain, Greece, Israel, and the United States.
I found the truth in 1960,
and it was difficult at that time,
because there was no one in the truth.
When I saw this crowd here,
I was filled with joy, seeing how Jehovah has made it grow.
I was here in 1980 as a missionary.
We only had 82 people here,
and now look at it.
From that little group, we are now huge,
and that makes me very happy.
It reminds us of the prophecy in the Hebrew scriptures,
Malta despises the day of small beginnings.
It doesn't matter whether there are many publishers
or a few, the fact is that Jehovah through his Holy Spirit
can do things that we are not even imagining,
so that there will be an increase in kingdom proclaimers.
The special conversation now over,
a lot of us take a deep breath and say,
it's done, but it's not time to stop.
Now is the beginning.
The brothers, since they gave us a lot of encouragement,
and they came, they brought along their love as well,
and seeing all this makes you even want to give more.
Doing this for Jehovah, it's rewarding.
It is truly, the scriptures are right.